feat: add int64 validator `AttributeIsDivisibleByAnInteger` (#46)
FrangipaneTeam/terraform-plugin-framework-validators: docs/int64validator/index.md

## List of Validators

- [`RequireIfAttributeIsOneOf`](../common/require_if_attribute_is_one_of.md) - This validator is used to require the attribute if another attribute is one of the given values.

> - [`AttributeIsDevidedByAnInteger`](attribute_is_devided_by_an_integer.md) - This validator is used to validate that the attribute is devided by an integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`AttributeIsDevidedByAnInteger`](attribute_is_devided_by_an_integer.md) - This validator is used to validate that the attribute is divisible by an integer.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`AttributeIsDivisibleByAnInteger`](attribute_is_divisible_by_an_integer.md) - This validator is used to validate that the attribute is divisible by an integer.
```
